tutorial/06-native-tokens.md, before:

# **`cardano-cli` Exercise 06: Native Tokens**
In this exercise we'll learn how to **[mint](#mint-native-tokens)**, **[send](#send-native-tokens)**, and **[burn](#burn-tokens)** native tokens on Cardano.

***
## **Mint native tokens**
Minting native tokens with `cardano-cli` involves the following steps:

1. **[Create minting policy](#create-minting-policy)**
2. **[Prepare token representation](#prepare-token-representation)**
3. **[Draft the minting transaction](#draft-the-minting-transaction)**
4. **[Build the minting transaction](#build-the-minting-transaction)**
5. **[Sign and submit the minting transaction](#sign-and-submit-the-minting-transaction)**

***
### **Create minting policy**
A minting policy determines the conditions under which new tokens can be minted. Only those in possession of the key(s) specified in the policy can mint or burn the token.

In this example, we'll create a new address for our minting policy, but it's possible to use an existing payment address as well.

First we'll generate a new key-pair and address for our minting policy:

```sh
cardano-cli address key-gen \
--verification-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.vkey \
--signing-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.skey

cardano-cli address build \
--payment-verification-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.vkey \
--out-file $ADDR_PATH/native-policy.addr
```

Alternatively, you can use the `key-gen` script to generate a new key-pair/address for our minting policy:

```sh
key-gen native-policy
```

Now create a file called `native.script` in the `assets/scripts/native` directory and paste the following:

```json
{
  "keyHash": "<KEY-HASH>",
  "type": "sig"
}
```

Now we need to get the key-hash for our policy address.

```sh
cardano-cli address key-hash \
--payment-verification-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.vkey
```

Or, using the `key-hash` script:

```sh
key-hash native-policy
```

Copy the key-hash value from the terminal and replace the `<KEY-HASH>` placeholder in `native.script`.

We now have a simple script file that defines the policy verification key as a witness to sign the minting transaction. This simple policy includes no further constraints, such as token locking or requiring additional signatures to successfully submit a transaction.

***

### **Prepare token representation**
A token representation consists of the following: `<POLICY_ID>.<TOKEN_NAME>`.

The **Policy ID** for a Cardano asset is computed by `cardano-cli` by applying a hash function to the policy script:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction policyid \
--script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script
```

We can save the result in a temporary variable `PID`:

```sh
PID=$(cardano-cli transaction policyid \
--script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script)
```

**Token names** must be `base16` (hexadecimal) encoded.
To produce the desired token name in hexadecimal format, we can use the `xxd` Unix tool to encode a plain text string (here "jambcoin" - replace with your desired token name):

```sh
echo -n jambcoin | xxd -ps | tr -d \\n
```

We first echo the string and pipe it to `xxd` with the `-ps` flag, which formats the output in "postscript plain hexdump style". We then pipe that result to the `tr` utility to delete (`-d`) the trailing newline character (`\\n`).

You can save the result to a temporary variable (like `TNAME`):

```sh
TNAME=$(echo -n jambcoin | xxd -ps | tr -d \\n)
```

We can then save our final token representation to a variable `T`:

```sh
T=$PID.$TNAME
```

Cardano CLI Guru also provides a `token` helper script to easily prepare a token representation:

```sh
T=$(token native jambcoin)

echo $T
d1298d07e8fefa6f65c8f01fb8a43e94e086729583dc3b1121dc75cf.6a616d62636f696e
```

The script takes the name of an existing policy script (`$1`) and the desired name for the token (`$2`). It performs two steps: **getting the Policy ID** of the script, and **encoding the token name**. This is achieved via two subscripts, `policyid` and `token-name`, corresponding to the `cardano-cli transaction policyid` and `xxd` commands explained above. The results are then concatenated together with a period.

***

### **Draft the minting transaction**
Query `alice`'s UTXOs and save a UTXO to a temporary variable `U` in the format `<TXHash>#<TxIX>` as in previous exercises:

```sh
cardano-cli query utxo \
--address $(cat $ADDR_PATH/alice.addr)
```

Or, using the `utxos` script:

```sh
utxos alice
```

Assign a variable `INPUT_AMT` to the amount of the UTXO.

Assign a variable `Q` to the quantity of native tokens the transaction will mint (here 1 million):

```sh
Q=1000000
```

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out "$(addr alice)+0+$Q $T" \
--mint "$Q $T" \
--mint-script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script \
--fee 0 \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.draft
```

***

### **Build the minting transaction**
Calculate the transaction fee, storing it in a temporary variable `FEE`.

>Note that the transaction has a `witness-count` of 2: one signature will be provided by the `native-policy` and the other by the user who is minting the tokens (`alice`).

```sh
FEE=$(cardano-cli transaction calculate-min-fee \
--tx-body-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.draft \
--tx-in-count 1 \
--tx-out-count 1 \
--witness-count 2 \
--protocol-params-file $PARAMS_PATH | cut -d' ' -f1)
```

Or, using the `min-fee` script:

```sh
FEE=$(min-fee native-mint -i 1 -o 1 -w 2)
```

Then calculate the remaining balance after paying the fee by subtracting `FEE` from `INPUT_AMT`, and assign it to a variable `BALANCE`:

```sh
BALANCE=$(expr $INPUT_AMT - $FEE)
```

We now have all the information needed to build the transaction, replacing the placeholder values from the draft with the variables:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out "$(addr alice)+$BALANCE+$Q $T" \
--mint "$Q $T" \
--mint-script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script \
--fee $FEE \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.raw
```

***

### **Sign and submit the minting transaction**
For this transaction we won't create witness files and use `transaction assemble` to produce the signed transaction: we'll assume the person minting the tokens (`alice`) is in possession of the `native-policy` keys, and simply use the `transaction sign` command with multiple `--signing-key-file` inputs:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction sign \
--tx-body-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.raw \
--signing-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.skey \
--signing-key-file $KEYS_PATH/alice.skey \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.signed
```

Or, using the `tx-sign` script:

```sh
tx-sign native-mint native-policy alice
```

Now submit the minting transaction:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction submit \
--tx-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.signed
```

Or, using the `tx-submit` script:

```sh
tx-submit native-mint
```

After a few minutes, you can query the UTXOs of the recipient to confirm the receipt of the minted tokens.

***

## **Send native tokens**
We'll now build a transaction to send one of the newly minted tokens from `alice` to `bob`.

The process for sending native tokens is:
1. **[Calculate the minimum amount of accompanying ADA](#calculate-the-minimum-amount-of-accompanying-ada)**
2. **[Draft the token transfer transaction](#draft-the-token-transfer-transaction)**
3. **[Build, sign and submit the token transfer transaction](#build-sign-and-submit-the-token-transfer-transaction)**

***

### **Calculate the minimum amount of accompanying ADA**
In order to prevent spam, Cardano transactions cannot consist solely of native assets: each transaction must also include a minimum amount of ADA (in lovelace, per usual). The minimum ADA amount varies based on the specifics of the transaction, but is typically `1 - 2` ADA.

>Read the official docs on **[Minimum ada value requirement](https://docs.cardano.org/native-tokens/minimum-ada-value-requirement)** for more information

We'll need to determine how much ADA our transaction requires using the `transaction calculate-min-required-utxo` command and add this to our transaction outputs when we draft the transaction.

We'll calculate the minimum amount required for `alice` to send `1` unit of our asset `$T`:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction calculate-min-required-utxo \
--protocol-params-file $PARAMS_PATH \
--tx-out $(cat "$ADDR_PATH/alice.addr")+"1 $T"
```

Copy just the lovelace value and save it to a temporary variable `MIN_U`. For example:

```sh
MIN_U=1047330
```

>Note: the minimum lovelace quantity differs based on the size of the token representation and the quantity of tokens being sent.

Cardano CLI Guru provides a `min-utxo` script that takes a user name (`$1`), an asset quantity (`$2`) and an asset (i.e. token representation - `$3`). It then runs the same command above to calculate the minimum  required for the transaction output, and cuts out just the lovelace value so it can be easily stored in a variable:

```sh
MIN_U=$(min-utxo alice 1 $T)
```

***

### **Draft the token transfer transaction**
To draft the transaction, we start by locating the UTXO output from the minting transaction, which contains both ADA and our native token:

```sh
utxos alice
                           TxHash                                 TxIx        Amount
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8580677d9f4589998dce7d7c2c5a0509518640a6eeae67280853df44cd73e445     0        8748621168 lovelace + 1000000 866a902c6237c0c6fb472d258a1ad036c59b756066bf8de5df29aaa3.6a616d62636f696e + TxOutDatumNone
```

Assign the UTXO's `TxHash` and `TxIx` as usual to a variable `U` in the format `<TxHash>#<TxIx>`.

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out $(addr bob)+$MIN_U+"1 $T" \
--tx-out $(addr alice)+0+"999999 $T" \
--fee 0 \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-transfer.draft
```

Calculate the minimum fee for the token transfer. The transaction has `1` input, `2` outputs, and `1` witness:

```sh
FEE=$(min-fee native-transfer -i 1 -o 2 -w 1)
```

Now calculate the change balance by subtracting the `MIN_U` quantity and `FEE` from the `INPUT_AMT`:

```sh
BALANCE=$(expr $INPUT_AMT - $MIN_U - $FEE)
```

***

### **Build, sign and submit the token transfer transaction**
Now build the final transaction:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out $(addr bob)+$MIN_U+"1 $T" \
--tx-out $(addr alice)+$BALANCE+"999999 $T" \
--fee $FEE \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-transfer.raw
```

Sign the transaction for `alice` and submit it.

***

## **Burn tokens**
In this transaction we'll have `alice` burn 10% (100000) of the native tokens she minted.

Start by locating `alice`'s UTXO from the `native-transfer` transaction and saving its `TxHash` and `TxIx` to the variable `U`. Save its ADA amount to the variable `INPUT_AMT`.

***

### **Draft the burn transaction**
A transaction that burns native tokens is constructed similarly to one that mints tokens, but with a negative quantity provided to the `--mint` option. In other words, "burning" tokens is conceptually the same as negative minting.

If `alice` minted 1000000 tokens, sent 1 token to `bob`, and now intends to burn 100000 tokens, she should receive 899999 leftover tokens in the `tx-out`.

We create the draft for our `native-burn` transaction accordingly using `build-raw`, providing the burn amount and remaining token quantities (with zeros used as placeholders for the change in lovelace and the fee):

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out "$(addr alice)+0+899999 $T" \
--mint "-100000 $T" \
--mint-script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script \
--fee 0 \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-burn.draft
```

***

### **Build, sign and submit the burn transaction**
Calculate the minimum fee for the transaction (refer to how we calculated the fee for the minting transaction above if needed), assigning it to `FEE`. Then compute `alice`'s change as usual, assigning the amount to `BALANCE`.

Then you can build the final transaction:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out "$(addr alice)+$BALANCE+899999 $T" \
--mint "-100000 $T" \
--mint-script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script \
--fee $FEE \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-burn.raw
```

Sign the transaction for `native-policy` and `alice` and submit.

Wait a few minutes, then query Alice's UTXOs to confirm that the tokens were burned.

Commit message:

Improve mint-related scripts to work with Plutus policies

tutorial/06-native-tokens.md, after:

# **`cardano-cli` Exercise 06: Native Tokens**
In this exercise we'll learn how to **[mint](#mint-native-tokens)**, **[send](#send-native-tokens)**, and **[burn](#burn-tokens)** native tokens on Cardano.

***
## **Mint native tokens**
Minting native tokens with `cardano-cli` involves the following steps:

1. **[Create minting policy](#create-minting-policy)**
2. **[Prepare token representation](#prepare-token-representation)**
3. **[Draft the minting transaction](#draft-the-minting-transaction)**
4. **[Build the minting transaction](#build-the-minting-transaction)**
5. **[Sign and submit the minting transaction](#sign-and-submit-the-minting-transaction)**

***
### **Create minting policy**
A minting policy determines the conditions under which new tokens can be minted. Only those in possession of the key(s) specified in the policy can mint or burn the token.

In this example, we'll create a new address for our minting policy, but it's possible to use an existing payment address as well.

First we'll generate a new key-pair and address for our minting policy:

```sh
cardano-cli address key-gen \
--verification-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.vkey \
--signing-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.skey

cardano-cli address build \
--payment-verification-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.vkey \
--out-file $ADDR_PATH/native-policy.addr
```

Alternatively, you can use the `key-gen` script to generate a new key-pair/address for our minting policy:

```sh
key-gen native-policy
```

Now create a file called `native.script` in the `assets/scripts/native` directory and paste the following:

```json
{
  "keyHash": "<KEY-HASH>",
  "type": "sig"
}
```

Now we need to get the key-hash for our policy address.

```sh
cardano-cli address key-hash \
--payment-verification-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.vkey
```

Or, using the `key-hash` script:

```sh
key-hash native-policy
```

Copy the key-hash value from the terminal and replace the `<KEY-HASH>` placeholder in `native.script`.

We now have a simple script file that defines the policy verification key as a witness to sign the minting transaction. This simple policy includes no further constraints, such as token locking or requiring additional signatures to successfully submit a transaction.

***

### **Prepare token representation**
A token representation consists of the following: `<POLICY_ID>.<TOKEN_NAME>`.

The **Policy ID** for a Cardano asset is computed by `cardano-cli` by applying a hash function to the policy script:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction policyid \
--script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script
```

We can save the result in a temporary variable `PID`:

```sh
PID=$(cardano-cli transaction policyid \
--script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script)
```

**Token names** must be `base16` (hexadecimal) encoded.
To produce the desired token name in hexadecimal format, we can use the `xxd` Unix tool to encode a plain text string (here "jambcoin" - replace with your desired token name):

```sh
echo -n jambcoin | xxd -ps | tr -d \\n
```

We first echo the string and pipe it to `xxd` with the `-ps` flag, which formats the output in "postscript plain hexdump style". We then pipe that result to the `tr` utility to delete (`-d`) the trailing newline character (`\\n`).

You can save the result to a temporary variable (like `TNAME`):

```sh
TNAME=$(echo -n jambcoin | xxd -ps | tr -d \\n)
```

We can then save our final token representation to a variable `T`:

```sh
T=$PID.$TNAME
```

Cardano CLI Guru also provides a `token` helper script to easily prepare a token representation:

```sh
T=$(token -n native jambcoin)
```

Echoing the value of `$T` shows us our token representation:

```sh
echo $T
d1298d07e8fefa6f65c8f01fb8a43e94e086729583dc3b1121dc75cf.6a616d62636f696e
```

The `token` script takes a flag of `-n` (for Native minting policies) or `-p` (for Plutus minting policies), the name of an existing policy script, and the desired name for the token. It performs two steps: **getting the Policy ID** of the script, and **encoding the token name**. This is achieved via two subscripts, `policyid` and `token-name`, corresponding to the `cardano-cli transaction policyid` and `xxd` commands explained above. The results are then concatenated together with a period.

***

### **Draft the minting transaction**
Query `alice`'s UTXOs and save a UTXO to a temporary variable `U` in the format `<TXHash>#<TxIX>` as in previous exercises:

```sh
cardano-cli query utxo \
--address $(cat $ADDR_PATH/alice.addr)
```

Or, using the `utxos` script:

```sh
utxos alice
```

Assign a variable `INPUT_AMT` to the amount of the UTXO.

Assign a variable `Q` to the quantity of native tokens the transaction will mint (here 1 million):

```sh
Q=1000000
```

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out "$(addr alice)+0+$Q $T" \
--mint "$Q $T" \
--mint-script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script \
--fee 0 \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.draft
```

***

### **Build the minting transaction**
Calculate the transaction fee, storing it in a temporary variable `FEE`.

>Note that the transaction has a `witness-count` of 2: one signature will be provided by the `native-policy` and the other by the user who is minting the tokens (`alice`).

```sh
FEE=$(cardano-cli transaction calculate-min-fee \
--tx-body-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.draft \
--tx-in-count 1 \
--tx-out-count 1 \
--witness-count 2 \
--protocol-params-file $PARAMS_PATH | cut -d' ' -f1)
```

Or, using the `min-fee` script:

```sh
FEE=$(min-fee native-mint -i 1 -o 1 -w 2)
```

Then calculate the remaining balance after paying the fee by subtracting `FEE` from `INPUT_AMT`, and assign it to a variable `BALANCE`:

```sh
BALANCE=$(expr $INPUT_AMT - $FEE)
```

We now have all the information needed to build the transaction, replacing the placeholder values from the draft with the variables:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out "$(addr alice)+$BALANCE+$Q $T" \
--mint "$Q $T" \
--mint-script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script \
--fee $FEE \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.raw
```

***

### **Sign and submit the minting transaction**
For this transaction we won't create witness files and use `transaction assemble` to produce the signed transaction: we'll assume the person minting the tokens (`alice`) is in possession of the `native-policy` keys, and simply use the `transaction sign` command with multiple `--signing-key-file` inputs:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction sign \
--tx-body-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.raw \
--signing-key-file $KEYS_PATH/native-policy.skey \
--signing-key-file $KEYS_PATH/alice.skey \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.signed
```

Or, using the `tx-sign` script:

```sh
tx-sign native-mint native-policy alice
```

Now submit the minting transaction:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction submit \
--tx-file $TX_PATH/native-mint.signed
```

Or, using the `tx-submit` script:

```sh
tx-submit native-mint
```

After a few minutes, you can query the UTXOs of the recipient to confirm the receipt of the minted tokens.

***

## **Send native tokens**
We'll now build a transaction to send one of the newly minted tokens from `alice` to `bob`.

The process for sending native tokens is:
1. **[Calculate the minimum amount of accompanying ADA](#calculate-the-minimum-amount-of-accompanying-ada)**
2. **[Draft the token transfer transaction](#draft-the-token-transfer-transaction)**
3. **[Build, sign and submit the token transfer transaction](#build-sign-and-submit-the-token-transfer-transaction)**

***

### **Calculate the minimum amount of accompanying ADA**
In order to prevent spam, Cardano transactions cannot consist solely of native assets: each transaction must also include a minimum amount of ADA (in lovelace, per usual). The minimum ADA amount varies based on the specifics of the transaction, but is typically `1 - 2` ADA.

>Read the official docs on **[Minimum ada value requirement](https://docs.cardano.org/native-tokens/minimum-ada-value-requirement)** for more information

We'll need to determine how much ADA our transaction requires using the `transaction calculate-min-required-utxo` command and add this to our transaction outputs when we draft the transaction.

We'll calculate the minimum amount required for `alice` to send `1` unit of our asset `$T`:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction calculate-min-required-utxo \
--protocol-params-file $PARAMS_PATH \
--tx-out $(cat "$ADDR_PATH/alice.addr")+"1 $T"
```

Copy just the lovelace value and save it to a temporary variable `MIN_U`. For example:

```sh
MIN_U=1047330
```

>Note: the minimum lovelace quantity differs based on the size of the token representation and the quantity of tokens being sent.

Cardano CLI Guru provides a `min-utxo` script that takes a user name (`$1`), an asset quantity (`$2`) and an asset (i.e. token representation - `$3`). It then runs the same command above to calculate the minimum  required for the transaction output, and cuts out just the lovelace value so it can be easily stored in a variable:

```sh
MIN_U=$(min-utxo alice 1 $T)
```

***

### **Draft the token transfer transaction**
To draft the transaction, we start by locating the UTXO output from the minting transaction, which contains both ADA and our native token:

```sh
utxos alice
                           TxHash                                 TxIx        Amount
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
8580677d9f4589998dce7d7c2c5a0509518640a6eeae67280853df44cd73e445     0        8748621168 lovelace + 1000000 866a902c6237c0c6fb472d258a1ad036c59b756066bf8de5df29aaa3.6a616d62636f696e + TxOutDatumNone
```

Assign the UTXO's `TxHash` and `TxIx` as usual to a variable `U` in the format `<TxHash>#<TxIx>`.

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out $(addr bob)+$MIN_U+"1 $T" \
--tx-out $(addr alice)+0+"999999 $T" \
--fee 0 \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-transfer.draft
```

Calculate the minimum fee for the token transfer. The transaction has `1` input, `2` outputs, and `1` witness:

```sh
FEE=$(min-fee native-transfer -i 1 -o 2 -w 1)
```

Now calculate the change balance by subtracting the `MIN_U` quantity and `FEE` from the `INPUT_AMT`:

```sh
BALANCE=$(expr $INPUT_AMT - $MIN_U - $FEE)
```

***

### **Build, sign and submit the token transfer transaction**
Now build the final transaction:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out $(addr bob)+$MIN_U+"1 $T" \
--tx-out $(addr alice)+$BALANCE+"999999 $T" \
--fee $FEE \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-transfer.raw
```

Sign the transaction for `alice` and submit it.

***

## **Burn tokens**
In this transaction we'll have `alice` burn 10% (100000) of the native tokens she minted.

Start by locating `alice`'s UTXO from the `native-transfer` transaction and saving its `TxHash` and `TxIx` to the variable `U`. Save its ADA amount to the variable `INPUT_AMT`.

***

### **Draft the burn transaction**
A transaction that burns native tokens is constructed similarly to one that mints tokens, but with a negative quantity provided to the `--mint` option. In other words, "burning" tokens is conceptually the same as negative minting.

If `alice` minted 1000000 tokens, sent 1 token to `bob`, and now intends to burn 100000 tokens, she should receive 899999 leftover tokens in the `tx-out`.

We create the draft for our `native-burn` transaction accordingly using `build-raw`, providing the burn amount and remaining token quantities (with zeros used as placeholders for the change in lovelace and the fee):

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out "$(addr alice)+0+899999 $T" \
--mint "-100000 $T" \
--mint-script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script \
--fee 0 \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-burn.draft
```

***

### **Build, sign and submit the burn transaction**
Calculate the minimum fee for the transaction (refer to how we calculated the fee for the minting transaction above if needed), assigning it to `FEE`. Then compute `alice`'s change as usual, assigning the amount to `BALANCE`.

Then you can build the final transaction:

```sh
cardano-cli transaction build-raw \
--tx-in $U \
--tx-out "$(addr alice)+$BALANCE+899999 $T" \
--mint "-100000 $T" \
--mint-script-file $NATIVE_SCRIPTS_PATH/native.script \
--fee $FEE \
--out-file $TX_PATH/native-burn.raw
```

Sign the transaction for `native-policy` and `alice` and submit.

Wait a few minutes, then query Alice's UTXOs to confirm that the tokens were burned.
